so hello and welcome to inside game news
and on the day that battlefield 3 is
released it seems only fitting that
modern warfare 3 should take the
limelight at least in the call of duty
balancer kind of world and there has
been another trailer released about
modern warfare 3 revealing all the camos
attachments and proficiencies for every
single gone now if you didn't know what
these are basically as you level up with
you gone or as you level up as a soldier
and you unlock the camos and the
attachments where the gone as you would
normally but as well as that now we now
have this new feature which allows you
to unlock these weapon proficiencies
which allows you to customize your
Gordon to your playing style so where us
before on previous Call of Duty's you
may have had a gun that you liked but
wasn't really suitable for the kind of
map that you were played now you can
customize that button to make it
suitable for that map by for example
choosing a proficiency that would allow
it to be more long range or for a small
nap choosing a proficiency that would
allow you to move around the map quicker
and this trailer basically talks about
those new proficiencies mainly and
touches on the camos and new attachments
and a couple of the new weapons that
have been released in modern warfare 3
so I'm assuming that there's quite a lot
of interest around all the camos that
are going to be in modern warfare 3 but
I'll come back to that one in a minute
and start off with the proficiencies now
we've got the new proficiencies and they
are different for every single type of
class for example the assault
proficiency is different to the lmg
proficiency which in turn is different
to the SMG proficiency and which just
basically allows loads more
customization that was previously
enabled in call duty games so here we
have a list of the proficiencies for the
assault class for example in this class
the score L is being used which is an
assault rifle so we have six
proficiencies here you can choose to
have none of them but that's obviously
not going to help you gain as more to
might as well have one of them and we've
got kick which means you get reduced
recoil when we're firing which is very
useful we've got impact which is
basically deep impact we've got
attachment to its which allows you to
have two attachments on you Gordon free
example with silencer and an acog site
looks like warlord in black ops and
cotton what it was called in modern
warfare 2 but it was in there we also
have focus which means when you get hit
by a bullet and you don't flinch as much
as you do so you were keep you gone more
steady when you get hit and next we have
breath which is actually a specific to
this assault class as I was saying this
is one of the ones that changes
depending on what class you have breath
obviously allows you to hold your breath
longer whilst aiming down sights so if
you changing onto an SMG this option
will change to be able to knife quicker
so instead of holding breath longer you
can knife quicker which is more suited
for that kind of class where SMGs and
the LMG class allows you to run for
longer which is very helpful and at the
minute that's all we know about the
different classes and how it changes for
that different option but finally down
at the bottom we have stability here and
this basically means when you zoom in
down your iron sights you get less
weight of the gun because they've
actually brought that back from because
i think in modern warfare 2 didn't have
sway and have brought it back from
modern warfare 3 so you can with
stability it can make it less way so you
get more of an accurate first time
shocked and so they are all your
proficiencies you get to choose one for
each class which enables you to
customize you've gone further and lets
you create your class more suited to
your kind of playing style or the maps
that you will be playing on so that is
very useful looks like a good new
feature that we've put into modern
warfare 3 and it should make some
interesting gameplay now during this
trailer it does briefly show the
camouflage page now it's unknown whether
this is actually the full list but it
looks pretty full there is at least 11
options on there so there are 11
different camp largest so let's just go
jump right in there we've got the
classic which is like the woodland snow
which is obviously the snow version of
woodland multicam is very similar to
woodland digital urban is coming back
from modern warfare 2 that grey one hex
we don't know any of these further ones
we haven't actually seen yet so hex
unknown a cho co Coco unknown snake or
known blue obviously it's going to be
blue red red autumn is like the fall in
modern warfare 2 and they've actually
brought back the gold guns from black
ops and cod4 so that should be
interesting to see so there are plenty
of newcomb largest to work your way up
to and it should make interesting to see
how long it takes to get them and it
just makes it something to work towards
as you're on you gone so this has
revealed a lot more information about
creative class as a whole the cameras
the guns and the proficiencies that have
not really been explained that well
before this trailer so I hope this has
helped any new information I'll make a
video give it out to you as soon as
possible but until next time thank you
for watching and goodbye